Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hello
everyone. Today is Friday, January the
16th. My name is Amarie Band and this is
the Moneyball Morning Report for the
Benzinga Pro platform. charts are by
Trendpider and MenthQ gives us our very
strong gamma lines that we can use
through the day. We first begin looking
at the E- Mini S&P and we can see on the
daily chart that we are still in a
bounce to the upside as I mentioned
about that value area that we were
staring down earlier in our recent
formations.
It puts us at a bounce zone that then
sends us back to the top of the daily
value area. And so that is what we are
staring down as our next target, right?
7019. Let's collapse into the 30 minute.
See what happened yesterday with our um
levels.
We had the top level and I said, "Hey,
listen. If we hold above, if we hold
above this area and can't get above
7,04,
we've got ourselves a fade. Look at how
sticky this was. It broke, went to 7,10,
pulled back, and then held that 696
zone. that second test or third test
depending on whichever moving average
you're looking at gives us that floor of
support. And so that second test at that
7,000 area gave us the long into the
value area high. So if [clears throat]
we tested this value area high, the
question now is can we recover it? And
so we are going to put an alert here.
We're going to make it tight. And the
thought process is going to look exactly
like this one. If it comes into the area
and fails to breach,
oh wow, that's about 10 points. If it
fails to breach 27,027,
uh, then the pullback test is going to
be the decision zone. Could you trade
the breakaway here? Well, I would say as
long as your VWAP is under you and
you're looking at tight time frames and
those tight time frames are showing
candlesticks that are higher lows and
higher highs, yes, you could chase it
up. Here's what's building though. There
is a supply zone sitting up here and
that is going to cause a little bit of
um resistance in my mind below
yesterday. I said, "Hey, listen. We are
very likely building a demand zone at
around 69.85. I think I put that in um
the chat on the YouTube for TopStep TV.
And we can see that that's ex that's
exactly what we did, right? That's
exactly what we did. So the line in the
sand here to me is that 6985
to 69.87.
If we lose that zone, let's call it
let's call it the low of
the
30 minute open, right? I think that's
what 60. What is our low here? 69.8275,
right? Let's do that. I'm moving at the
speed of dirt today. Let's hope I don't
take as long as yesterday's video.
6982. What did I say? 75.
Yeah.
Yeah. All right. And let's put an alert
here. It's also where the VWAP is
sitting off the entire formation. And so
now we've got our do or die levels for
the day. Right.
If we lose this 69
82 area, we've got a little bit of
noise, a demand zone that is sitting at
74, but also makes eight points that we
can say if we lose it and everything
looks nice, ha, we are
under the VWAP, we are under our tight
moving averages, we've got negative
drift, all of those things going to make
a difference. Okay, so that is what we
are staring down in the near term here.
We've got a little bit of a sideways
patch going as it sits right now,
holding above this 7,000 area. Now, this
triggered, but it's still an important
zone. So, I'm going to remove the alert,
but I'm going to leave the line kind of
red to help us remember, hey, that's an
important zone because that's the ray
where the trigger went off. All right.
So above this line of 69.96 for now
buying pressure below the line selling
pressure into the next area of support
and realize at the line these are the
kinds of things that can happen. So you
want to be careful if and then also I
just want to say thank you to all of the
folks who take time to send notes in the
comments section. It means so much to
me. And um to the folks that
occasionally give me the down thumb, if
you tell me why, I'd love to get better
for you. That would matter to me. All
right, so we've got demand zones
underneath upward formations. We're
still buying the dip. Could we have um
news that might drive the market? Yes.
The Supreme Court actually said, "Hey,
we don't know when we're going to rule
on these tariffs. We'll let you know."
And so the next time they convene is
actually in June. So I don't know what's
going on with that, but that might be
the only thing to royal the market at
the end of the day dips or buys. And we
still have bullish pressure. We've got
big earnings cranking up into next week
as well. We'll have to see what's going
on. Let's take a peek to see what is
happening today. Industrial production,
housing market index. Not that much,
right? Not too much going on. Holy cow.
Where's my chart? Okay, let's go. Let's
take a look now at the ENQ.
It's like 45 degrees here. It feels
absolutely incredible.
So, and I am in Florida, which South
Florida, GF Coast South Florida, so it's
pretty cold. People are losing their
mind. Saw them in parkas yesterday. It
was hilarious. But anyways, moving on.
Daily chart. Dips are still buys. It's
not as strong up here. Lot of supply
sitting in this zone. So, these are the
areas that we're still going to watch
right up here at 26,100.
The dips have come in pretty solidly.
Uh let's see what we've got
here as a support floor. 25,400.
That reminds me of a gamma wall. And
indeed it is. Okay, let's take a look at
what happened yesterday. I said, "Hey,
good sell zone. If we get to the top of
the range and we cannot expand when we
lose the range, there's the short."
Okay. And where does it come? Well,
trend is up, momentum is up. This tells
us, listen, we don't have too much of a
shot for a great big short in the near
term, but we can go down into the VWAP.
And that's really essentially what we
did. We have a topping formation, and
now we're trying to hold the baseline
event. This is the put wall for the zero
DTE. This is the major gamma wall that
everybody's watching. That's 25,800.
You know, we were looking at that 850
zone for a long time. And 750, of
course, pretty important. So, where are
we going to put the triggers today?
The low of the 30 minute candle.
What is that number?
704.
Hang on.
Yeah, 704. That's going to be the number
to watch as the absolute
floor for the day. We do see demand. We
see demand structure here at 25,674.
So, I'm going to put that line just
under the gap, right? 700,
give or take a little bit. It pulls back
into there. should see buyers at the
first pass and then we'll know what goes
on after that. All right, supply pretty
hot and heavy up here. We could easily
go through it, but you want to watch it.
The call wall
26,000 still. That's also value area
high. So, today is Friday. Fridays tend
to be bullish.
You know, let's anticipate
that this is where the traders are going
to try and take us, right? They're going
to try and take us there. Would I love a
gigantic flush? Oh, I so would because
this would make a great buy zone down
here at 25,400.
It really, really would. It'd be a nice
place for the chart to just, you know,
get its wiggles out. Number one, it's a
really nice dip off of all of this
consolidation. If we can get right back
up into the zone, we'll just build more
solid structure in the chart. Okay, so
recap. Lines in the sand today. Um,
tough. I would say it's a range. And so
we've got a range between 25,700
and 26,000.
So far, dips are clearly buys. If we
want to structure it out this way and
forget about
the other lines here that were making a
higher range, absolutely clearly dip
buying formations and dips at the zero
DTE put wall. Not a bad idea. That's
that 25,750
that we've watched day after day after
day. All right, let's get to Micro
Bitcoin.
This thing's been running off the rails.
Let's take a look at the daily.
Okay, still in a bit of a rebound event,
right? We might call this a flag
pattern.
We might. I mean, it's an ugly flag.
It's a flag that you want to take and
repair because it's got jagged edges,
but it could easily be a flag. Now, the
flag, if it continues to hold, implies
this move up through all of this thin
volume back into areas of congestion.
Those key areas of congestion on any
kind of break,
99,000, 100,000, let's just call it
that. And then the next one would be
104.
Yeah, something like that. Heavy
congestion on the daily formations.
That's certainly what I see. Let's go to
the 30inut chart. See how price actions
been behaving. See the triggers that
went off. We can see the trigger at
98,000 went off 2 days ago. It has not
repaired. It has not recovered above it.
So, as long as we stay under 98,000. Did
I say 89,000? I meant 98,000.
As long as we stay under there, we are
still trying to hold the base. Call wall
95,000.
We're coming back to test it. But look
at all this inventory accumulation,
right? That is inventory all the way
across. So what does it tell you? It
tells you, hey, listen, you could easily
buy
that 95 zone.
Let's remove this alert. And then let's
remove the ray. And then let's build
another alert.
This 95,000 is pretty critical,
but all the signs say that you can buy
it back into 96,400
somewhere around there. Could be 96,000
even, but I think it's given us a little
bit more action than that.
But you can see there's about a th00and
points there that you can use. If it
loses this zone though, the next demand
area is 93 937. It's this heavy
congestion pocket. I'll draw a box there
so you can see the inventory being
accumulated there
and then the breakaway formation that
sends it up into the next area. So, just
watch this. 95 a good zone. Do you want
to sell it right here or buy it right
here? No. I mean, these candlesticks are
retracing each other. Where's your edge?
Don't Don't mess around with that. Wait
until everybody is buying here. Okay, I
think I'll buy that. Make it that easy.
Okay, literally make it that easy. Okay,
let's take a look at oil.
Oil's been a little crazy. Let's look at
the daily.
Look at the trend line and that savage
break. Let's look at Let's see if we can
draw another line that connects. Let's
see if these three connect. They do not.
All right. So, not going to not going to
force any line. Well, let's see if we
can get this one.
Okay, those three connect. So, we got
two of them were staring down on the
day. Look, we are trying to hold this
area. Value area low. traders try to
pick it up at 58. We had an incredible
trade uh yesterday off of the bounce of
golly, where was it? It was off of the
bounce of 58.
No.
Yes, it was off of the bounce of 58 and
it went No, 50. Yeah, 58 and some change
and it went all the way up to 60 and
then stopped dead. It was absolutely
beautiful. Great. And then it rotated
all the way back down. So this this
chart is still in consolidation. Still
they have no idea which way is up.
Remember the commitment of traders event
says that most of these contracts are in
backwardation. That means the forward
month is pricing lower than the current
month. So they're going to try and
unwind that which should make deep dips
that give us buy zones. That being said,
I'm still looking for that 58 test
um that gives us another opportunity to
go long. It could be the 59 test that
gives us that's the test I was talking
59. Um the 59 test could give us another
go. But notice this framework is
it's they're really pressing the
envelope here, right? I mean, really,
what in the world did I just move?
All right.
Uh, let's remove that line. And then
all right, what we want to do here is
set an alert for the base
5890.
That's going to be buy zone action. It
has been incredibly reflexive. You don't
get any time to do it and it just goes
absolutely berserker and runs all the
way up. So, we just had another line
test a bit ago. I'm going to remove that
alert. Set a new one, right? It went up
into let's see see all this demand.
Excuse me. All this supply. It's trying
to work its way through the supply. So,
here's the thing. I'm just going to draw
a line here because we're so close. It
triggering is very likely. The buy stop
is about 59.90. If it gets above there,
it should rocket in a wick easily. Could
rocket in a wick back into value area
low, right? Traders are going to be
looking to see how well value area low
holds. It's going to be really
important. So, if this value area does
not give us resistance and instead turns
into support, we're going to have
another leg higher. We could easily see
62, right? So, we want to be very
careful there. Inventory accumulation
all the way to $6029.
$60.30.
I'm going to create an alert there.
Right. That is I don't know that that is
a go short area.
It certainly is a take-profit zone.
Right. If it begins to creep up [snorts]
near the value area and it loses the
edge, it is going to be a magnificent
short back down into the heavy
congestion zones which sit first at that
59 5980 and then down here at 5930.
Absolutely beautiful formation. So I am
creating an alert there as well. A
little sticky. If you're staring oil
down, these are going to be the zones to
watch. All right, let's take a look at
silver.
Yes, we got to look at silver.
Okay, let's take a look at the daily,
right? Still on a rocket ship, although
stabilizing a bit. Remember I said
yesterday or maybe it was day before
yesterday that spot metals are trading
at a discount to the futures. So from a
common sense perspective, it would sort
of dictate that the futures need to come
in to that edge where spot and uh spot
is normally higher than the futures
because it's always got a premium
attached to it. Uh not so in the recent
terms. So I would suspect that it comes
in just a little bit. So, what we are
doing is sitting inside the candlestick
of January the 14th, which is what?
Wednesday. This is Wednesday's candle.
We lost the low of Wednesday, yesterday.
And now we've got another lower high in
here, but we're still holding the VWAP.
Let's go to the 30. Look at how many of
these triggers went off. Good gravy. All
right, let's uh get uh
let's remove these alerts
and then let's set some new ones up.
What is that?
All right. How about if I do this? This
is going to make it way easier. Remove
all. Right. because it's it walked us up
to the top yesterday. Great line in the
sand for a short. I loved that setup
yesterday. I did take it. I did not stay
in long enough.
All right, now let's take a look at what
we're staring down. Okay, we have lower
highs,
demand structure, excuse me, supply
structure sitting right above us. We
have higher lows.
So, what does that tell us? Uh
something's about to come, right? We got
something going on. So what do we want
to stare down? Where is inventory
accumulating? Well, inventory is
accumulating in the top half of the
value area right around here. So this 89
zone where we have I think that's the
point of control. I'm not sure.
This 89 zone is going to be that line in
the sand. $89.70.
You know how silver is. It's wicky. It's
spotty. It moves up and down past these
levels. Be careful.
But as long as it comes into this area
and holds the floor as support, price
action will give us a bounce. Here's the
thing.
If we trade above 9190,
we're likely to break out again
into the supply zones. Now, while supply
is building here, I would anticipate
that if we fall below the VWAP and we
lose the 89, if we don't immediately
recover and then pull back and retest
that 89, we are going to lose the level.
And the next line below is going to be
this uh method Q alert here which is 88.
Huge number. Huge number 88. And then
value area low, right? And the value
area low could fall into that anchored
VWAP and all of this inventory
accumulation. But those are the markers
that we are looking down. If per happen
stance, this really starts to fade,
people are still going to be buying the
dip, but watch for the failure to test
higher. That's always going to be that
space where people go, you know what,
I'm not buying harder than that. But if
a lot of people decide they're going to
short this and it squeezes,
you know, we're off to 95, 97, and 100.
So it is really
very crazy. Call wall all the way down
here at 86 and some change right that's
huge. Put wall 85 and some change. Put
wall well below at 78. So traders are on
the back foot. They've had to buy up
this inventory once it broke the call
wall. And so ultimately
for the end of the month they are hoping
to get back below this 85 level. That's
their goal. I don't know if that's going
to happen. They might just end up having
to roll this and take their lumps. Okay.
So lines in the sand kind of tight
today. 8970
9190.
Above it more bullish action.
Below 89 more bearish action. But still,
let's not forget folks, this trend is
still on a rocket ship, right? It's on a
rocket ship to Mars or wherever it's
going. Just be careful here. It's
tricky. It's got a lot of range and
only for those not of the faint of
heart. Let's take a look at gold now.
Gold totally different. Stabilizing a
little bit. still on the updraft. It's
had 1 2 3 4 5 6 days counting today in
the range between 4595
and 4659.
And so that gives us a nice pocket to
look at. We can see it here. Looks like
a great trading range. If it comes down
into you, I love it. Right. Do I still
have my alert set here? Yeah. Let's do
it again.
Remove.
Um.
Oh, that's the Okay. So, let's put this
one. Let's put up a little bit higher.
Right where the pockets of congestion
are. 46001.
It's a little bit wider. Could move
down. Here's the thing, folks. See all
this accumulation here? Days and days
and days of it. Actually, let me do
this.
Days and days of accumulation. Look at
how many.
That is a big pocket.
When it breaks, it's going to break
hard, right? Do I know the direction?
No. Here's what I know. They tried
really hard to get up and over it in the
pre-market.
Gives it all up. fills the gap and then
gets back to the old size. Here's the
thing. Gaps down,
hits the bottom of the range, tries to
break out through the range. It cannot.
Here we are trying to get up through
supply. It appears to me that we have a
very clearly defined trading range
in the near term. Above 464950,
it's going to give us some more upside
pressure for about 10 points. That's 100
ticks. That's $1,000 per contract. So,
uh, be careful.
or if it comes into the base and loses
this area at
4600 or so,
we've got ourselves,
you know, some downside pressure that we
need to worry about, right? Because then
there's the ZDT put wall at holy smokes,
it's a almost $100 beneath it, $90
underneath it. This is the gap. It's got
almost no volume sitting here. Shocking.
All right. So, be careful.
Cascade if we lose this zone. Upward
flow if we hold it. All right. Lastly,
spy
for those of us that trade instruments,
options, those sorts of things, you
know, upward trend looks really sharp,
really holding 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
days. 10 days in accumulation, right? We
go to a 4 hour, we can see that a little
bit more uh
clearly. But I mean, look at this jagged
wall.
What what a noisy space. Again, as I
mentioned,
here we are at the base of accumulation.
Here's the accumulation. Accumulation.
Here are the demand structures that have
built. We've got a little bit of supply
above us. Here's the deal.
We're caught between value area high. We
should see sellers right around $696
or so.
If we do not
698 and the call wall
was 700. Ah, it's sitting here. The call
wall is 695. That's very, very
interesting. So the break above the call
wall could send us into the daily max
which is 698 and some change right we
have a sideways motion we have dips or
buys watch this trend line here the
break below 692
that's the
the VWAP action here I think value area
low is the breakdown zone that we need
to be careful about today we lose 691
one, don't look for longs until we get
closer to the floor of the demand, which
is all the way down here at
let's consider 686
at that price marker and we'll see how
it goes today. You know, if you've had a
green week, just sit back and chill.
Nothing hurts worse than having a green
week and giving it up on Friday. How do
I know that? Because I've done it about
6,300 times. Well, maybe not 6,300, but
I've done it enough times for it to hurt
and so I don't do it anymore. Um, just
be careful
and I'll see you on the streams. Take
care.